Update sigma.md (#439)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/detect/sigma.md

  **Example** : Let's suppose we have 4 `Search-Identifier`s: `selection1`, `selection2`, `selection3` and `pattern`. The condition can be `1 of selection* and pattern`.

- Negation with `not`
  
  **Example**: `selection1 and not selection2`
  

>   Now if in that example selection2 is simply `process.parent.name: 'test'`.
>   **Note that you might need to put in selection1 an "exists" value for the field you are excluding**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Now if in that example selection2 is simply `process.parent.name: 'test'` for instance, **Note that you might need to put in selection1 an "exists" value for the field you are excluding**:
```

  ```
  selection1:
    process.parent.name: '*'
  ```

>   Otherwise the rule will also work if the field `process.parent.name` does not exist. Sometimes it is not an issue, however it can be in case of high false positives without that field for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Otherwise the rule will also raise an alert if the field `process.parent.name` does not exist. Sometimes it is not an issue, however it can be in case of high false positives without that field for instance.
```
